hi
hello I'm Sarah and I would just like to
show you guys this is the newest song
that I wrote called bananas in the
sunshine and it's dedicated to all the
bananas out there that are in the
sunshine and I just I just want to tell
you that it took me like five to eight
minutes to write this song and I put a
lot of heart out into it I would just
like to show you guys my my song bananas
in the sunshine this is the the guy for
all you deaf people out there he's um
he's speaking sign language and he's um
he's also going to be singing this song
will I play this beautiful yamaha FG 200
acoustic guitar and I've just um I'm
gonna we're gonna start now are you
ready John all right ready here comes
the beginning it's a very emotional song
bananas in the sunshine everyone here
goes
licious
back when I each one song
get it getting there doesn't she
No
Oh
down
No
Thank You bananas sunshine everyone and
then some Tomatoes sunshine she's been
rocking Betsy building this video hi